feat(ecs): support for explicit activation of the circuit breaker (#28611)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-ecs/README.md

### Deployment circuit breaker and rollback

> The Amazon ECS [deployment circuit breaker](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/blogs/containers/announcing-amazon-ecs-deployment-circuit-breaker/) automatically rolls back unhealthy service deployments, eliminating the need for manual intervention. By including the `circuitBreaker` parameter, you can activate this feature. Within `circuitBreaker`, the `enable` parameter is optional and defaults to true, which turns on the circuit breaker. If `circuitBreaker` is not specified, the feature remains disabled. You also have the option to explicitly set `enable` to false, which is useful for disabling an active circuit breaker. Additionally, specifying `rollback` triggers automatic rollback of deployments.
> 
> See [Using the deployment circuit breaker](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/deployment-type-ecs.html) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Amazon ECS [deployment circuit breaker](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/blogs/containers/announcing-amazon-ecs-deployment-circuit-breaker/)
automatically rolls back unhealthy service deployments, eliminating the need for manual intervention.

Use `circuitBreaker` to enable the deployment circuit breaker which determines whether a service deployment
will fail if the service can't reach a steady state.
You can optionally enable `rollback` for automatic rollback.
You can disable the circuit breaker by omitting the `circuitBreaker` property or setting `enabled` to `false`.

See [Using the deployment circuit breaker](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/deployment-type-ecs.html) for more details.
```

### Deployment circuit breaker and rollback

> The Amazon ECS [deployment circuit breaker](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/blogs/containers/announcing-amazon-ecs-deployment-circuit-breaker/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amazon ECS [deployment circuit breaker](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/blogs/containers/announcing-amazon-ecs-deployment-circuit-breaker/)
```

automatically rolls back unhealthy service deployments, eliminating the need for manual intervention.

Use `circuitBreaker` to enable the deployment circuit breaker which determines whether a service deployment
will fail if the service can't reach a steady state.
You can optionally enable `rollback` for automatic rollback.

> You can disable the circuit breaker by omitting the `circuitBreaker` property or setting `enabled` to `false`.

Reviewer 2: Is this accurate that omitting the `circuitBreaker` property will disable the circuit breaker? I believe that was the original issue and I don't think this PR that has directly altered that behaviour.

Author: I think you're right. It appeared to be an unnecessary detail, so I removed it.
